canberra.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Canberra 
menu: yes
---

## Contact 

* Twitter: [@SecTalksCbr](https://twitter.com/sectalkscbr)
* Email: [canberra@sectalks.org](mailto:canberra@sectalks.org)
* Meetup: [Canberra Meetup Page](http://www.meetup.com/SecTalks-Canberra/)

## Organising team 

* Peleus - [@0x42424242](https://twitter.com/0x42424242) 

## Date & Time 

The next meetup will be on October 11th, from 6pm. 

On an ongoing basis meetups will be on the second Tuesday of each month.

## Location 

The venue is King O'Malley's Irish Pub. They are located at 131 City Walk, Canberra. We have a function room booked for the event each month. 

## How to prepare?

1. *Bring a laptop along* on the night, don't forget your power adapter!
2. Install a VM hypervisor on your laptop. Virtual box is a good free choice. You can download that [here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
3. You can either install a VM such as Kali which is free and avaliable [here](https://www.kali.org/downloads/) to work from, or we will have a virtual machine image for you to install on the night.
4. We will have Wi-Fi avaliable, but otherwise you can bring along an ethernet cable for a hardwired connection.
5. People will be more than happy to give you a hand on the night, but be aware there will only be internet you provide avaliable (i.e. phone tethering).

If you rock up with a laptop and a way of running virtual machines you'll be okay to go on the night.

## Looking to speak?

Whether it is a [lightning talk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk), 10min short presentation, or an hour long hands-on workshop, whether it is your first time to present, SecTalks is great place to get feedback and improve on.
Fill out a [SecTalks CFP](http://j.mp/sectalkscfp) form.

## How to join

SecTalks is always open to anyone who is keen to learn infosec.
We run a mix of meetups for both beginners and people with experience.

## I am l33t!

If you are l33t, you may want
to solve our l33t entry challenge to get yourself
on our *l33t mailing list*. There is no harm, trying it.

### What is the l33t entry challenge?

1. Follow [sectalkscbr](https://twitter.com/sectalkscbr) on Twitter.
2. DM "I am l33t" to @SecTalksCbr.
3. The challenge details will be DMed back to you.
4. Have fun and email us the flag.

Commit message:

updated date/time, venue and some tidying

canberra.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Canberra 
menu: yes
---

## Contact 

* Twitter: [@SecTalksCbr](https://twitter.com/sectalkscbr)
* Email: [canberra@sectalks.org](mailto:canberra@sectalks.org)
* Meetup: [Canberra Meetup Page](http://www.meetup.com/SecTalks-Canberra/)

## Organising team 

* syngularity0 - [@syngularity0](https://twitter.com/syngularity0)
* Canberra Founder: Peleus - [@0x42424242](https://twitter.com/0x42424242) 

## Date & Time 

SecTalks Canberra is held on the second Tuesday of each month, at 7 pm. Check out the [Meetup page](http://www.meetup.com/SecTalks-Canberra/) for the latest details and to RSVP.

## Cost

Free!

## Location 

SecTalks Canberra is held at the Fifth Domain office, located in the Sydney Building at [13 East Row, Canberra](https://goo.gl/maps/ucDKQhnqttN2), upstairs. If you're mobility impaired, please contact the organiser and we'll do our absolute best to help out.

## Preparation

1. *Please bring a laptop along* on the night (and your power adapter)
2. Install a hypervisor on your laptop. VirtualBox is a good free choice. You can download that [here](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads).
3. Grab a copy of Kali - avaliable [here](https://www.kali.org/downloads/).
4. Internet is available! (but please run updates for your host OS and any VMs before coming along, so you don't chew up bandwidth)
5. People will be more than happy to give you a hand on the night if you're not confident with virtualisation.

tl;dr - if you rock up with a laptop and a way of running virtual machines you'll be okay to go on the night.

## Want to Speak or Present?

Whether it is a [lightning talk](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lightning_talk), an introduction to a tool or concept, or a hands-on workshop, SecTalks is great place to get feedback and improve on. We encourage first-time speakers and anyone 
Fill out a [SecTalks CFP](http://j.mp/sectalkscfp) form.

## Joining Us

SecTalks is always open to anyone who is keen to learn information security. It's a community event for students, professionals, hobbyists, curious people and anyone in between. Our community engagements will always be free for participants. 

Please check out the [Code of Conduct](http://www.sectalks.org/coc/).
