yourpage.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Add a new page
---

The following guide will show you how to create a webpage here for your local SecTalks meetup.

This website is socially authored by SecTalks organisers. You need to have a github account.
to add your page. 

#0. Request for access

Send us your **github account** to get access for adding or editing pages on SecTalks github pages.
The invitations are sent by email and can be accepted at [https://github.com/sectalks](https://github.com/sectalks)

#1. Create a page

The format of the page is [Markdown](http://www.darkcoding.net/software/markdown-quick-reference/). 
Using your favorite text editor, create a new file called **YOURCITY.md**

#2. Use a template

Use the following template or check out other cities page.
  
    ---
    layout: page
    title: YOURCITY
    ---
        
    ## Contact

    * Twitter:
    * Email: [YOURCITY@sectalks.org](mailto:YOURCITY@sectalks.org)
    * IRC:
    * Meetup:

    ## Organising team
    
    * NAME, [TWITTER HANDLE](https://twitter.com/HANDLE), [EMAIL](mailto:EMAIL)
    
    ## Date & Time
    
    [First Tuseday of each month at 6pm]
    
    ## Location
    
    ADDRESS
    
    ## Looking to present?
    
    [Put details for call for presentions (online form, email address, etc.).]
    
    ## Sponsors
    
    Sponsor name and link, what they offer

    ## Upcoming meetup
    
    [Check out our meetup page or subscribe to our mailinglist, etc]
    MEETUP ID, DATE AND TIME (e.g. SYD0x01, 31 Jan 2015)
    
    ## How to join
    
    Describe how someone can join. Do they need to go through an entrance challenge? 
    How about people new to security?     

    ## Calendar 

    Subscribe to [our calendar](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/) to view past and upcoming meetups:

    * [iCal](webcal://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/ical/)
    * [Outlook](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/ical/)
    * [RSS](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/rss/) or [Atom](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/atom/)

#3. Submit your page

Once you get your access to SecTalks github pages, go to [https://github.com/sectalks/sectalks.github.io]().
To add a new page, click on **+** next to **sectalks.github.io/+**. 
Type in the file name, end with .md in *Name your file* text field.
Copy the content of the file and press on **Commit new file**.

Once your file is added, you can edit it anytime.

If you don't know how to do these things, just email us your page.

Commit message:

Proposed re-structure of the folder to make the project more maintainable. Also includes seperating locations by country

yourpage.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Add a new page
---

The following guide will show you how to create a webpage here for your local SecTalks meetup.

This website is socially authored by SecTalks organisers. You need to have a github account.
to add your page.

#0. Request for access

Send us your **github account** to get access for adding or editing pages on SecTalks github pages.
The invitations are sent by email and can be accepted at [https://github.com/sectalks](https://github.com/sectalks)

#1. Create a page

The format of the page is [Markdown](http://www.darkcoding.net/software/markdown-quick-reference/). 
Using your favorite text editor, create a new file called **YOURCITY.md** in
the meetups folder.

#2. Use a template

Use the following template or check out other cities page.

    ---
    layout: page
    title: YOURCITY
    permalink: /yourcity
    ---

    ## Contact

    * Twitter:
    * Email: [YOURCITY@sectalks.org](mailto:YOURCITY@sectalks.org)
    * IRC:
    * Meetup:

    ## Organising team

    * NAME, [TWITTER HANDLE](https://twitter.com/HANDLE), [EMAIL](mailto:EMAIL)

    ## Date & Time

    [First Tuseday of each month at 6pm]

    ## Location

    ADDRESS

    ## Looking to present?

    [Put details for call for presentions (online form, email address, etc.).]

    ## Sponsors

    Sponsor name and link, what they offer

    ## Upcoming meetup

    [Check out our meetup page or subscribe to our mailinglist, etc]
    MEETUP ID, DATE AND TIME (e.g. SYD0x01, 31 Jan 2015)

    ## How to join

    Describe how someone can join. Do they need to go through an entrance challenge?
    How about people new to security?

    ## Calendar

    Subscribe to [our calendar](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/) to view past and upcoming meetups:

    * [iCal](webcal://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/ical/)
    * [Outlook](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/ical/)
    * [RSS](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/rss/) or [Atom](http://www.meetup.com/[YOURMEETUP]/events/atom/)

#3. Submit your page

Once you get your access to SecTalks github pages, go to [https://github.com/sectalks/sectalks.github.io]().
To add a new page, click on **+** next to **sectalks.github.io/+**. 
Type in the file name, end with .md in *Name your file* text field.
Copy the content of the file and press on **Commit new file**.

Once your file is added, you can edit it anytime.

If you don't know how to do these things, just email us your page.
